Render non built-in database access configuration more explicit (#8203)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/datasource.adoc

you won't need to configure the driver.
====

[[other-databases]]
==== Use a database with no built-in extension or with a different driver

You can use a specific driver if you need to (for instance for using the OpenTracing driver)
or if you want to use a database for which Quarkus does not have a built-in JDBC driver extension.

Without an extension, the driver will work fine in any Quarkus app running in JVM mode.

> It is unlikely that it will work when compiling your application to a native executable though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is unlikely that it will work when compiling your application to a native executable.
```

Author: Why do you want to remove it? @machi1990 ? I understand my general rule is not to add such frivolous words in doc but here it's to balance the previous sentence

If you plan to make a native executable, we recommend you use the existing JDBC Quarkus extensions (or contribute one for your driver).

Here is how you would use the OpenTracing driver.

[source, properties]
----
quarkus.datasource.jdbc.driver=io.opentracing.contrib.jdbc.TracingDriver
----

> Here is how you would define access to a database with no built-in support (in JVM mode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is how you would define access to an Oracle database with no built-in support (in JVM mode)
```

Author: Not convinced. Keeping it as is

Reviewer: Okay, I though we could explicit the target database. I guess it does not add that much considering we have the driver right after in config properties.
